New doc architecture (#395)
TheThingsNetwork/lorawan-stack: doc/content/gettingstarted/play.md

---

> title: "Play with things"

Reviewer: `Send and receive data`; this is not a game

```bash
$ ttn-lw-cli end-devices update app1 dev1 --supports-class-c
```

This will enable the class C downlink scheduling of the device. That's it! New downlink messages are now scheduled as soon as possible.

To disable class C scheduling, set reset with `--supports-class-c=false`.

>Note: you can also pass `--supports-class-c` when creating the device. Class C scheduling will be enable after the first uplink message which confirms the device session.

#### Class C multicast

Multicast messages are downlinks messages which are sent to multiple devices that share the same security context. In the Network Server, this is an ABP session. See [creating a device](#createdev) for learning how to create an ABP device.

Multicast sessions do not allow uplink. Therefore, you need to explicitly specify the gateway(s) to send messages from, using the `class_b_c` field:

```json
{
  "downlinks": [{
    "f_port": 15,
    "frm_payload": "vu8=",
    "priority": "NORMAL",
    "class_b_c": {
      "gateways": [{
        "gateway_ids": {
          "gateway_id": "gtw1"
        }
      }]
    }
  }]
}
```

> >Note: if you specify multiple gateways, the Network Server will try the gateways in the order specified. The first gateway with no conflicts and no duty-cycle limitation will send the message.

Reviewer 2: > The first gateway with no conflicts and no duty-cycle limitation will send the message.

Doesn't sound too professional.
IMO this should be part of the first sentence and contain something like "respect regional duty-cycle regulations"

### Listing the downlink queue

> The stack keeps a queue of downlink messages. Applications can keep pushing downlink messages or replace the queue with a list of downlink messages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The stack keeps a queue of downlink messages. Applications can add one or more downlink messages to the end of the queue(push) or replace the complete queue with one or more downlink messages.
```
